Who is that?
Let Tang Wu out
Is it you, young master? It's definitely not me. I beat Tang Wu the hardest
Not my master
I threw him in the toilet yesterday
I'm not crazy
How could it be possible to let the enemy out?
There you go.
Not me.
Master, I don't have the guts
He has never played dance
How dare you!
It's really not me.
Last night, the wiring in your basement was broken last night, and I went in for repairs.
This is for me, sign it
I opened the door last night and saw the eldest lady inside
Is he ok?
Ah, you opened the door last night, didn't you?
Hey it's me it's me
Otherwise, Miss Tang will be finished sleeping inside
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Hey send me more people
Grab Tom. I'll 1 million
adult
The rain has cleared up
Sunny day
Yeah, I found my daughter again
Every time it rained, I used to wonder if my daughter would be in the rain and nobody would care.
But it's okay.
She's having a good time
Is the adult still looking for the little master today?
What's the matter, just say what you have to say
The little master has been inviting you.
Okay.
My money is all Xiao Wu's, so little money is nothing, but I also ordered a car for him to deliver it to him
Mom
Brother Feng, look at his candied gourd
Hey, it's him, Ah Kun, catch him, don't let him run away 1 million good master
Ahaha, save me.